safety region friesland is one of the
25 safety regions in the Netherlands
outlet and decisive
we work towards a safe and healthy one
friesland for all
650 thousand inhabitants
translate on behalf of the 24 Frisian municipalities
we health and safety at
preventive advice and more concrete
actions in the field of public
healthcare
disaster relief and crisis management
we do that with over 750 employees and
1150 volunteers
safety and health issues
touch us all in us daily
live and ask for specialist
knowledge and experience of various
organizations and that requires another
close cooperation of a diversity
to parties each from his own
expertise within safety region
the Frisian municipalities work fryslân
fire brigade fryslân
and ggd friesland intensively together with
different parties for example with
Wetterskip and Vitens at
water problems
and with the police during accidents at
for example, we work an epidemic
together with hospitals and the red cross
from a wave of illness to a fire
breakout from extreme weather to failure of
utilities
we always work together here in our role
always depending on the situation
this is how we work on more general ones
legal duties related to health
for example in the deployment of youth
doctors and nurses on the
consultancies
or when organizing
traveler vaccination and
population screening
In addition, we have in Friesland
deal with very specific risks such as
possible calamities
around the airbase in leeuwarden or the
commercial shipping on the princess
daisy channel
we develop special ones for this
contingency plans and we practice regularly
so that we remain alert and decisive we remain
We constantly learn how we disasters
and can fight disease better or
would rather be completely prevented
that's why we put a lot of energy into it
make risks clear so that we
they can control them better
after a disaster or crisis we evaluate with
the public and with partners to our work
to do better and better
but it doesn't end with much
we work on it every day
improve safety and security
health of every freezer
dearest invisible by timely
interventions
sometimes emphatically present with adequate
Organized deployment of people and
resources